Maple Leaf
We're not divorced, are we?
Are you and Zhou Yongheng a little too hasty?
Do you consider Xiaoyan as your wife?
You actually took her to socialize with drinks
Are you a worthy husband?
Are you still a man?
He told you
I don't have it.
This woman has no truth in her mouth
Only you, a fool, take it seriously
Only one
Instead of having an affair with my wife here
Why don't you look at the brain first?
I won't show off with you
I'll ask you
Is Xiaoyan going to the hospital twice because of you?
Do you know his medical condition?
What's wrong with his body?
It's going to end now.
I'll tell you what.
People you don't value
I will cherish it for you
Say it again
I said you better get out of here
Sling out
I'm going to rest.
Hello bad master
Someone took a picture and
Uploaded a picture of Young Grandma and Mr. Chen in the box
A couple minutes ago.
The young grandmother's father was interviewed by the media
Said that the Lu family not only abused the young lady
He also forced him to go out to accompany the wine in exchange for benefits
And what are you happy about?
And revealed your relationship with Miss Xia